20 million. 20 million.
Just for a photo with King's Landing's throat
Although opportunities are precious
But 20 million is too much
This lady is too rich
Mr. Wang is getting married soon
I really want to take a photo with Lord's Landing
I really want it.
25 million 25 million everyone
Miss, do you have any price increase?
50 million 50 million
50 million
Ye Yufei, are you crazy?
Just to merge with King's Landing Hong
You give 50 million
I'm happy, okay?
Mr. Wang, my lady bid 50 million, do you want to add it?
Hi.
Mr. Wang, what do you mean?
Don't make trouble
I'll make a toast with Lord's Landing later, I'll definitely take it
Congratulations to Miss Ye for the price of 50 million
The opportunity to take a photo with the lord after King's Landing
The opportunity has been won for you
Be sure to grasp it later
Then the auction is next
A chance to toast Lord King's Landing
Starting price 300,000
Everyone please bid
Can't you take a photo with King's Landing Throat and toast a glass of wine?
It is. It is.
What if it is remembered by adults?
Maybe you can take the opportunity to ask for an autograph
I pay ten million
No one is allowed to argue with me today
I'm going to toast the Lord of King's Landing